Readme func and python ecosystem (#7)
UBC-MDS/autopredictor: README.md

A package that streamline the repetitive task of regression models selection and comparison in the machine learning workflow.

This package includes four main functions:

> - `fit`: Fits a clean, preprocessed training data into eight different regression models. The fuinction returns a dictonary containing four various metric scores for each model

Reviewer: There are minor spelling errors
```suggestion
- `fit`: Fits a clean, preprocessed training data into eight different regression models. The function returns a dictionary containing four various metric scores for each model
```
